---
published: true
title: Final Project Reflection
layout: post
---
I made a website and a video because I felt like it was the best way to pitch my idea of a tv show. I could have just done the video, but I wanted to create the website to really emphasize the skills that were learned in the course as well as supplement the video and give more context to what the video is looking at and considering. I also feel like the website gives a better understanding to a wider audience, and looks more professional than just a random video. I incorporated coding skills from the first module because I wanted to create a website myself to launch the tv show. I also incorporated visualization skills learned in module two in order for my website to have interesting visual elements but also so that it is more available and more engaging for a lay audience who may not know about ethics in archaeology. I looked at how digital archaeology can be done ethically and responsibly because I felt like it was something we looked at in class that I wanted to expand on and look at further. Also, it seems like Canada is lacking in the official ethics of archaeology, and that digital archaeology would do good to have these discussions and get ahead of the game with ethics. In the future, I would like to create more episodes on other issues in archaeology and create more topics of conversation to discuss in the episodes. I would also like to incorporate more interactive elements to go along with the episodes and get the viewers further engaged with the material in the episodes. As far as ethics go, I would like to facilitate more discussion about ethics and create more of an idea of a draft of ethics and more information be made available that digital archaeologists can discover. 
I would have done a few things differently if I had had the chance to redo my project. Firstly, I would have liked to change the bootstrap template I used, as the one I chose caused me a lot of grief and was really hard to figure out compared to my last experience. It really limited what I was able to achieve aesthetically and that bothers me. I would have also wished I looked into the movie making software a bit more and found one that worked better and was less frustrating to use. I had problems with not repeating myself in the video with what I had on the website and I feel like I could have more information up on the site then what I managed to put on there. I think the question I chose worked the best with my idea of an archaeological pickle, however I feel like I might have been able to talk more about the other issues. However, I am happy with what I achieved and I feel like any lay person could easily go to my site and understand what it is about and what it is I am talking about. As well I believe that it outlines a good beginning of a discussion about ethics and could facilitate that discussion effectively. I am measuring success by how engaging it is, how well it communicates my ideas to my audience, and how well it can teach people more about my topic. I think my website and video did a good job at these things and I think there is always room for improvement (mainly coding issues) however it is at a good start and I am happy about that. Considering how many times I struggled with the code and everything I am glad that I got to the place that I am at and that it looks okay, I know it could look better though. Same with my video, I wish I had more time to make it better and all that but I struggled with the movie maker and had to end up paying for it so it would work. Honestly though I was not really expecting anything so what I have ended up with is fine.
