---
published: true
title: Website is Running!
layout: post
---
So I have managed to get a very preliminary website up and running. Not all of my content is up there but its a start and I am really proud of it thus far. I created a website on stone tools, because my goal is to educate people on everything from what they are to what they are made of. My reasoning for creating the website was because lithics are my field of interest, and often when I am talking about it with friends and family it can be hard to explain what I know. Therefore, I thought by making a website I could have one place for all the comprehensible elements and it would be accessible to everyone. I built my website on GitHub, and I still am planning on adding types of tools and dating methods as well as making my current pages prettier and easier to read. My biggest problem right now is the navigation, I can not make the other pages have the navigation menu, so they currently do not link back to the home page, however the home page does link to them. Viewers right now will just have to press the back button until they get to the home page. Another issue is understanding the pre-made code and figuring out where everything is, I think I have it now, I just wish I had grasped it sooner. My earlier problems were understanding how to use the template and make it a visible website, and how the navigation works when making new pages, these were both solved by watching tutorials. All of my problems currently could be solved by just taking more time and having watched tutorials earlier. I am proud of what I have done, there is just a lot more to go to make my vision come alive. I want the four images that I currently have on the home page (below the blue toggles for the navigation) to be links to interactive elements such as a timeline, a world map, a terms wordweb and some other thing. I also want to fill up the white space on the bottom after these pictures, I am just not sure with what yet. 
HERE IT IS SO FAR: 
https://sageschmied.github.io/lithic-website-trial/index.html 